part 3 are we going to pull a third
shape sister let's find out dodo do do
box number 3 the third and final box of
judgment of the lights which side should
we start with maybe we'll mix them up a
bit and we will mix them around mix them
around and just make a big pile we can
start opening them Oh like a phantom
beast
truck tricks matrix fish book Archer
generic level for synchro monster over
three so far of v salamander over 4 come
on box number 102 come on not even a
super area a bore
ZZ w are we at right now seven packs no
foils again I did kind of mix them
around so all right fire information
Yelp coupe I've gotten any of those yet
o.o Yamato Yamato there's one yamato
solid ultra rare card um dance ritual
Archfiend pires
think about now we're halfway into the
box confronting the seat jeno Yaksha
corrupted cheese number 104 I did some
really weird ultimate rare tactics with
this sub 2 was really weird starry draws
a seeker ultimate end ghost never been
heard of before neyo oh d ZW o way we
got left one two three four five six
seven yup three foils so far hopefully
we'll start hitting a bunch of foils
find out oh there's one and my romelo
corrupted tease
well miss bird Colossus are we going to
get a seeker error of these final four
packs mountain that one just tour of us
like five coils so far of the other two
boxy we've got eight last two packs
we're missing an ultimate and ultra the
secret so will these last two packs hold
my neck sees encore that's not a bad bad
card last pack no secret rare yet
hopefully this'll out of it yup trans
modify so that was actually a pretty
solid box in the end there um the trans
modify in the Yamato really um put it up
there so thanks for watching guys drop a
like in the video if you enjoyed it
subscribe to my channel for more opening
videos I'm going to try to do them a bit
more and yeah thanks for watching peace